Bump Xcode to 11 (#467)
cirruslabs/cirrus-ci-docs: docs/guide/macOS.md

  `cocoapods`, `fastlane`, `rake` and `xctool`.
* `mojave-xcode-10.2` - based of `mojave-base` with Xcode and couple other packages pre-installed: 
  `cocoapods`, `fastlane`, `rake` and `xctool`.
* `mojave-xcode-10.2-flutter` - based of `mojave-xcode-10.2` with pre-installed [Flutter](https://flutter.dev/) and Android SDK/NDK.
* `mojave-xcode-11` - based of `mojave-base` with Xcode 11 GM and couple other packages pre-installed: 
  `cocoapods`, `fastlane`, `rake` and `xctool`.
* `mojave-xcode-11-flutter` - based of `mojave-xcode-11` with pre-installed [Flutter](https://flutter.dev/) and Android SDK/NDK.

> Note that there are couple of aliasas availabel for images:

Author: ```suggestion
Note that there are couple of aliases available for images:
```
